
To be successful in our daily lives and in a global workforce, Students need pathways to acquire expertise and form meaningful connections to peers and mentors. This journey beginswith a base of knowledge and abilities that can be augmented and enhanced throughout our lives. Fortunately, advances in learning sciences have provided new insights into how people learn. Technology can be a powerful tool to reimagine learning experiences on the basis of those insights. Historically, a learner’s educational opportunities have been limited by the resources found within the walls of a school. Technology-enabled learning allows learners to tap resources and expertise anywhere in the world, starting with their own communities.


These opportunities expand growth possibilities for all students while affording historically disadvantaged students’ greater equity of access to high-quality learning materials, expertise, personalized learning, and tools for planning for future education. Such opportunities also cansupport increased capacity for educators to create blended learning opportunities for their students, rethinking when, where, and how students completely different components of a learning experience. Innovation and educational technology are primarily concerned with making use of modern and scientific teaching-learning methods and instructional strategies inthe system of education. In the present existence, the use of technologies has acquired prominence. The instructors and students are making use of internet on a comprehensive scale to generate information in terms of various aspects and augment their understanding. In addition, they are making of computers to prepare their assignments and projects. The individuals are able to become well-equipped with technologies with thorough practice. Apartfrom technologies the other innovative methods used in the teaching-learning processes are, charts, maps, models, textbooks, and other reading materials. Through making use of these technologies and materials, instructors are putting into operation various kinds of instructional strategies that are necessary to augment student learning. The different kinds of instructional strategies include, giving Power Point presentations, reading and providing explanations, providing explanations through making use of charts, models and maps and so forth. Innovation and educational technology can help in bringing about transformations in instructional strategies.



While every business can have their individual reasons to choose Microsoft Azure services, there are several unbeatable advantages that all can leverage upon, like: Microsoft Azure is capable of providing an enticing combination of Infrastructure as a platform (IaaS) and Platform as a service (PaaS) that helps enterprises create and deploy their own web apps without hustling over the groundwork. Microsoft Azure has designed Security Development Lifecycle, an industry-standard security process that considers all security features including getting licenses and ensuring the best safety in all operations. There is a vast user base already on Microsoft Azure, but the infrastructure is constantly scaling up, by using more processes for applications and selling storage through the cloud. It can run without any additional coding. A hybrid cloud computing ecosystem is still a unique feature of Microsoft Azure. It can improve the performance by utilizing Virtual Private Networks (VPNs), ExpressRoute connections, caches, CDNs, etc. As most enterprises rely on MS office tools, it is wise to invest in a cloud platform that integrates well with all Microsoft products. Additionally, knowing C++, C, and Visual Basic can help you steer your career in Microsoft Azure. If you require further validation, then you can try out the Azure certification courses for Windows certificates. Microsoft Azure has intelligence and analytics capacities to improve the business process with the help of machine learning bots, cognitive APIs, and Blockchain as a Service (BaaS). Microsoft Azure also has SQL and noSQL data processing facilities to get deeper and actionable insights from the available data. One of the major reasons to choose Azure services is the affordability, as the virtual infrastructure maintenance is extremely cost-efficient.


